ECE 391 MP3 bug log

03/18 bug: keyboard firing twice at times for seemingly no reason
      by: Ruian Pan
      solution: get the keyboard scancode twice in the getscancode function, fixed it
03/20 bug: booting loop when enabling paging
      by: Xinyi Gu
      solution: map the kernel address to the correct place and assign correct priviledge bit(Supervisor) to it.
03/29 bug: Exception after halt, couldn't restore to previous process.
      by: Carl Zhang, Ke Sun
      solution: Saved %ebp for the previous process, and restore after.
04/05 bug: curr_pcb returns the wrong pointer, and basic stdin and stdout do not work
      by: Xinyi Gu, Ruian Pan
      solution: a confusion between new_pcb and curr_pcb, also did not update the PCB esp correctly
04/05 bug: weird pagefault during testing
      by: Carl Zhang
      solution: found out that paging actually had priviledge levels, changed paging.h accordingly
04/09 bug: vidmap cannot pass the syserr test
      by: Xinyi Gu
      solution: before mapping, checking whether the input falls into the range of kernel page
04/09 bug: fish failed to open 2 files simultaneously. The reason lies in the file system driver. We didn't pass in the fd for the
           file being read or write, which causes trouble when we opened 2 files and tried to read them at the same time.
      by: Carl Zhang
      solution: Added fd in the PCB which is assigned by the systemcall read or write to indicate which file we are readin, and
                read the file in the individual driver functions to avoid reading chaos.
04/19 bug: typing on the keyboard does not print onto the current displayed terminal, rather, on the current scheduled terminal
      By: Ruian Pan
      solution: keyboard flag added to allow putc to know whether the call comes from keyboard handler
04/19 bug: add rtc virtualization, but the frequency we actually get is not correctly
      by: Ke Sun
      solution: the max frequency cannot be 8192 and should be 1024.
04/22 bug: Execution on one shell would scramble %esp and %ebp stored prior to scheduling. Operation sequence was wrong with scheduling
      by: Carl Zhang, Ke Sun
      solution: Save the current process info right after the interrupt which scheduled it or launched the shell.
04/26 bug: Exception 1 popped out during grep. The reason lies in rtc virtualization. We divide the default frequency by the set frequency
           indicated in the file_position in rtc file. And fops are mapped to rtc's operations for grep, which didn't write the correct
           frequency at the beginning.
      by: Carl Zhang, Ke Sun
      solution: set a default frequency in the file_position for rtc file.
04/26 bug: Exception 13 and 14 popped after halt in a process. The reason was that halt didn't resume to the previous process correctly
      by: Carl Zhang
      solution: Resume process as empty in the curr_terminal_pid array.
04/26 bug: Execution on one shell causes other terminals to report exception, due to multiple terminals enters execute upon 1 enter click
      by: Carl Zhang
      solution: terminal read should only proceed on the enter click in the current terminal
04/27 bug: fish appears in multiple terminal, mapping to video memory directly causes trouble
      by: Carl Zhang, Ruian Pan
      solution: changed the video memory mapping. Each terminal has different address for vidmap.
04/28 bug: fail to malloc space larger than 4mb
      by: Xinyi Gu
      solution: map to page_directory directly instead of multiple page_tables
      bug: fail to malloc after calling free
      by: Xinyi Gu
      solution: keep track of merged free space by adding the previous block and next block to the struct
05/01 bug: fail to malloc two small spaces into one page
      by: Xinyi Gu
      solution: assign cache size and cache address to each memory block struct
05/02 bug: mouse coordinate shows very large number
	fix: firstly have a boundary of coordinates before we change it, secondly, change the uint data type to char to avoid negative number being recognized as a really large positive one
